# hi-world-is-chynwa1
*HOW GAINVEST WORKS* Gainvest is a Nigerian platform that pays her users for taking a simple task Online. Such as 👉 Website visit and activities. 👉 Subscribe to YouTube channel. 👉 Viral post on social media. 👉 Surveys and answering questions With many more.   *HOW MUCH CAN YOU EARN ON GAINVEST* We can't tell u how much that you can earn daily it depends on how much advertisers pays. But common earnings are: 👉N50-N100 Sponsored earnings 👉N10-N50 per each link click depends how many seconds or minutes you spend. There many clicks online 👉N50 Daily login 👉N100 spin wheel is luck for the users. 👉N500 Referral bonus on every person you refer referral is optional.  Daily task earnings will be N200-N500 daily   *HOW TO WITHDRAW ON GAINVEST*   Minimum withdrawal is N4500 payment both activities and affiliate earners   *WHEN CAN I WITHDRAW*  Payment is daily both activities and affiliate earners once you reach N4500 you can raise the cashout and get paid instantly to provided bank account.   *HOW MUCH WILL I PAY TO JOIN* You need to subscribe with N700 30 Days your membership will expired. Membership renewal is optional you can choose to resubscribe or not.   *HOW TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION*  Gainvest give you two options to renew your membership. 👉 using your earnings 👉 using coupon code You can choose to renew with your activities earnings or you will buy coupon code from dealers.   *WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS BEFORE GETTING STARTED*  👉 The bank account must yours. You need to add your onetime bank account to your gainvest account no changes after adding payment will be sent to that bank  account. 👉 Have a active Facebook account   *Note* Gainvest is not an investment platform Or fast money platform
